here we have our rabbit, top side looking down at
the top, uh two  fore legs removed I've changed the
position of the rabbit it's easier to work for me
in this position and you can do the same whatever
feels comfortable to you and that's safe in the
kitchen with your knife handling next step i'm
going to remove the two  fore hind legs from the
rabbit and very similar to poultry and chicken i'm
going to pop the hip joints out of their socket so
i'll do one side and then i'll do the other side
and now I'm ready to remove the legs
using my knife first I'm just kind
of visualizing it and tracing it
going in and following the bone structure this is
the spine here so that's sort of my guide there is
the little "Aitch" bone that you might be familiar
with from pork week and just popping it out
here's one leg removed turn it over and very
similar to poultry it has two bones left
and plus there's the "Aitch" bone in here
or pelvic bone that could be removed
and this is the second hind leg that i'm
going to remove, I just want to turn it over
to make it work for me and again this
can make it work for you as long as
you're working in a safe manner, i
have popped the hip joint here and
sorry I want to turn it the other way
like this sideways, again following and tracing
coming through you can see the loin right here
underneath I'm turning it over following it
and right through the hip
joint and there's the second leg